{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red191\green232\blue255;\red11\green94\blue161;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;\cssrgb\c79216\c92941\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c45098\c69412;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado204 \shadc0 Pause\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 Pause\cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \cb3 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado204 \shadc0 Skip back\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 Skip back\cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \cb3 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado204 \shadc0 Previous\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 Previous\cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \cb3 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado204 \shadc0 Next\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 Next\cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 Current time\'a0\cb1 \
\cb4 3:23\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 /\cb1 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 Duration\'a0\cb1 \
\cb4 4:08\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \cb3 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado204 \shadc0 Playback speed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb4 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 Playback speed\cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 1x\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \cb3 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado204 \shadc0 Captions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 Captions\cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \cb3 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado204 \shadc0 Settings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb4 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 Settings\cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 Mute\cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \cb3 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado204 \shadc0 Fullscreen\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr20\shado153 \shadc0 Fullscreen\cb1 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cf5 \cb2 Overview\cb1 \
\cb2 Contents\cb1 \
\cb2 Q&A\'a0
\fs28 \cb6 17
\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 \strokec7 Transcripts\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb2 \strokec5 Exercise Files\cb1 \
\cb2 Notebook\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf2 \cb7 \strokec2 resume auto scrolling
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf8 \cb1 \strokec8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf8 \cb2 Understanding version control\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri480\sl560\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf5 \cb2 \strokec5 Let's begin our exploration of Git by gaining an understanding of what it is, and what it can do for you.\'a0Git is software that keeps track of changes that you make to files and directories, and\'a0it is especially good in keeping track of text changes that you make.\'a0So let's imagine that you have a document, you have version 1 of that document, you make\'a0some changes to it, now you have version 2, you make some more changes, and now you have version 3.Well, Git keeps track of those three different versions for you, and it allows you to move\'a0back and forth between different versions, to compare the different versions and to see\'a0what changed between each one.\'a0Because what it does is manage versions for you, Git is referred to as a Version ControlSystem or VCS for short.\'a0Now certainly not the first Version Control System ever created, we're going to look at\'a0a history of some of the most popular Version Control Systems in the next movie.\'a0But virtually all Version Control Systems that have ever been created had one singleprimary purpose in mind when they were created, and that was for managing source code.\'a0Computer code that programmers and developers were writing to create programs.\'a0They want to be able to track the changes they made over time as they added features,fixed bugs, and that sort of thing.\'a0So as a result, because that its primary purpose, I would say 90% to 95% of the time VCSs are\'a0used for source code management. So we call them Source Code Management Tools or SCM for short.\'a0So you'll see both of these abbreviations they can be used almost interchangeably.\'a0Source Code Management is just a little more specific, because it really says we're using\'a0a VCS for the purpose of managing our source code, but you'll want to become familiar with\'a0both of these terms and recognize them as being almost synonymous.\'a0Now whether you've ever worked with a Source Code Management tool before, or not, you'vedefinitely dealt with Version Control. Let's look at some examples of Version Control that\'a0are non-source code related.\'a0For example, you may have had different versions of files and given them different names so\'a0that you could keep track of the versions.\'a0So you have a budget that you are working on, you have version 1, version 2, version\'a03, you put a little text to the end of it to let you know which version this is so that\'a0we can look back at old versions and see how it has changed over time.\'a0You may do it as you create graphics so you have version 1 of a logo, version 2 of a logo, and so on.\'a0I think we've probably all done this at some point, a lot of applications also offer some\'a0form of Version Control as one of their features.For example, Microsoft Word allows you to track the changes that you make to a document.\'a0So you turn on Track Changes, and then you send the document to someone else, when theymake changes to that document they'll keep track of what changes they made, and when\'a0they send it back to you, you'll be able to review those changes.\'a0Adobe Photoshop has something called the History, you can bring up the History palette, and\'a0you can look back at each of the changes you've made to an image, and you can even move backwards\'a0through those changes, you can undo those changes and move back up in the History or\'a0back forward in the History as well. You can move forwards and backwards and see how thedocument changed over time.\'a0Now if you've ever worked with a wiki, like Wikipedia, then you'll know that there isalso some form of version control that's there as well so that when someone contributes a\'a0change to a Wiki page the editors have the ability to undo that change and go back to\'a0a previous version if they need to, we call that process rolling back to a previous version.\'a0And of course we've all done the most simple type of version control of all which is Undo,\'a0Ctrl+Z on Windows, or Command+Z on Mac, it will just undo something that we've typed\'a0or some change that we've made and allow us to go backwards, and you can do undo multiple\'a0times and undo multiple changes, so to keep going backwards and backwards and backwards\'a0through the different changes that we've made to a document.\'a0\cf8 \cb6 \strokec8 Now these are all very, very primitive examples of Version Control and they are no match at\'a0\cf5 \cb2 \strokec5 all four we're going to see with a Version Control System, but I think they do provide\'a0useful metaphors for you to have in your head as to how we're keeping track of different\'a0versions, how we're tracking the changes that happen to the document and how we're able\'a0to move backwards and forwards to the history to bring up different versions at different\'a0points in the change process.But I think they do still provide useful mental metaphors for you to have in your head to\'a0think about the way that a VCS works. Because ultimately they are all doing the same thing,\'a0they are keeping track of different versions, they are allowing us to go forwards and backwards\'a0in time to see different changes that have been made, and to even compare those changes\'a0between different versions, and that's what we'll be doing with Git.\'a0In the next movie let's take a look at the History of some of the most important Version Control Systems.
\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cb1 \
}